1.Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
What is the correlation?
When are the highest differences?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
Feb 28th - Mar 31st 2025
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
Nov 30th - Dec 31st 2024

4.At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?
Highest = Apr 30th-May 31st 2024 and June 30th- July 31st 2024 Lowest = Nov 30th-Dec 31st
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
The line for the milkshake searches looks more linear, there doesn't seem to be as big of a gap in the line when it comes to the highs and lows for milkshakes

5.Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
Search interest over a specific time period, displayed on a relative scale from 0 to 100, where 100 signifies the peak interest for the time period of the chart. A value of 50 indicates half the popularity of the peak, and 0 suggests insufficient data.

6.Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?
I don't see any correlation for hamburgers and breakup

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
The line chart does suggest that there is some correlations between the term breakup and milkshakes

7.What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
Suggest that the article is accurate due to the trends search data showing correlation between comfort food and breakups

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
Delaware
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
South Carolina