1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?

All students prepare for class in a relatively similar manner

most students have a second monitor while some use a laptop and some students don't have a second screen at all

Majority of students have a keyboard and mouse

Majority of students use pen and paper to take notes

Most questions had to do with things later on down the line in the course
	

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?

Question 1- is helpful but not concise visually, can be improved by wrapping the text so that you can see all of the data without scrolling

Question 2- should only be yes or no to prevent hard to track data

Question 3- should only be yes or no to prevent hard to track data

Question 4- make multiple choice with only 2 options

Question 5- Maybe make multiple choice selection based on topics vs written response 



3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those
responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?

You are unable to see answers for the questions with the other options, there is also missing answers and descriptive answers mixed in with yes or no responses 

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?

There are too many variables so it would be hard to pinpoint in hard trends or patterns outside of things like if the response was a question vs a statement

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or
question or the response options in a future survey?

Make them selection based while being thorough with the options so that the data can stay consistent and also make it easier to evaluate

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?

There was a lot more pen and paper note takers than computer/laptop

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?

No

8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help in how you approach teaching this class?

You can make adjustments to accommodate how notes are taking you can also take note of the things people are doing before class and accommodate that as well 


9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.)

I don't think in this case it effected the result of much the class counts as an entirety anyway so I believe the data is still collected accordingly
